All right, so I imagine that exercise
was hopefully fairly straightforward.
Cuz I went over it earlier
in terms of how exactly to
move a method into a action and
a mutation.
But let's cover it together just so
that we have a better sense
of how exactly that works.
So this is the code pen
that you're working on and
it is in working condition, very similar.
But what we did is we essentially
moved a couple of things over.
So we moved the actions and
the mutations or
we moved the particular method
into actions and mutations.
So you see a dispense action that takes
in context, which is the parameter,
a default parameter it takes in, and
then it commits a specific mutation.
And so we have the mutation of that
name which is called dispense.
It takes in a default parameter of state.
And then we decrement the state itself,
which then updates accordingly.
And then of course, we have the states,
the specific state property supply.
And then in our component itself,
we are using a computed
property because it's updating.
And we call that supply and
then we call the specific store,
the specific property in the state store,
so this.$store.state.supply.
And then we call it supply.
And so if we looked at the,
there's so much here, but
here exactly, this h4 is where
exactly that supply is updating.
And so restock and
dispense is calling the specific methods
in our component which then
dispatches actions and mutations.
So that's sort of how it works.
It's very, again, very straightforward.
We're essentially moving one
piece over and then another.
And so with that, we're gonna move
to a second piece of doing that,
which is the restock counter.
So we talked a little about
the dispense action, but
let's talk about the restock as well,
cuz that's something that's adding to.
And so
our restock essentially was a method in
our components that just added the supply.
So this is a typo on 25.
It should be just the supply =
40 because it sets it to 40.
It doesn't increment by one.
But nevermind, it doesn't matter in
this case because we're moving that
particular method into an action and
mutation.
So we still need that method.
We don't want to get rid of it because
that's how our component will know what
to do with that particular thing.
So we'll keep the name restock.
But instead of changing the state
directly because the state is no
longer local to the instance,
we'll just dispatch it to the store.
So this.$store.dispatch is
dispatching an action to the store.
We'll call our action restock,
because it is a restock.
And then within our store, we'll now
create an action called restock that
again takes in that
default parameter context.
And then we want to make
sure we're committing
that particular state change as well.
So context.commit is what's
committing the mutation.
We call it the exact same name because
again, an action or mutation for
now is not much different.
And then in our mutation,
we have a thing called restock.
It takes in a default parameter of state,
and
then that's when we're setting
the specific supply back to 40.
So it's a restock to
this arbitrary number 40.
Right now, we've created an action,
we've created a mutation, and
then we've hooked those up in
our component via dispatch.
So we've done a couple of things.
And again,
very similar to what we did earlier.
There's actually not a lot of difference
besides the specific name of the action
and what we're doing.
But the movement and how exactly we're
translating our method into actions and
mutations is the same.